a                             a
à                             à
abailard                      abailard
abaissait                     abaiss
abaissant                     abaiss
abaisse                       abaiss
abaissé                       abaiss
abaissement                   abaissement
abaissent                     abaissent
abaisser                      abaiss
abaisserai                    abaiss
abandon                       abandon
abandonna                     abandon
abandonnait                   abandon
abandonnant                   abandon
abandonne                     abandon
abandonné                     abandon
abandonnée                    abandon
abandonner                    abandon
abandonnera                   abandon
abandonnerait                 abandon
abandonnés                    abandon
abandonnez                    abandon
abasourdi                     abasourd
abat                          abat
abattant                      abatt
abattement                    abatt
abattit                       abatt
abattre                       abattr
abbaye                        abbay
abbé                          abbé
abbés                         abbé
abbesse                       abbess
abeille                       abeil
abhorrait                     abhorr
abhorre                       abhorr
abhorré                       abhorr
abîmait                       abîm
abîme                         abîm
abîmé                         abîm
abîmée                        abîm
abject                        abject
abjurant                      abjur
ablutions                     ablut
abnégation                    abneg
aboiements                    aboi
aboiera                       aboi
abolir                        abol
abominable                    abomin
abominablement                abomin
abominables                   abomin
abomination                   abomin
abondaient                    abond
abondamment                   abond
abondance                     abond
abondant                      abond
abondante                     abond
abonde                        abond
abonné                        abon
abonnement                    abon
abord                         abord
aborda                        abord
abordaient                    abord
abordait                      abord
abordant                      abord
abordée                       abord
aborder                       abord
abordèrent                    abord
abordés                       abord
abords                        abord
aboutit                       about
aboyaient                     aboi
aboyèrent                     aboi
abraham                       abraham
abrège                        abreg
abrégé                        abreg
abrégea                       abreg
abrégeaient                   abreg
abrégeait                     abreg
abrégeant                     abreg
abréger                       abreg
abrégera                      abreg
abrégerait                    abreg
abrégés                       abreg
abreuvoir                     abreuvoir
abréviations                  abrévi
abri                          abri
abritât                       abrit
abrité                        abrit
abritée                       abrit
abritent                      abritent
abrités                       abrit
abrutis                       abrut
abrutissant                   abrut
abrutissement                 abrut
abruzze                       abruzz
absence                       absenc
absences                      absenc
absent                        absent
absentait                     absent
absente                       absent
absents                       absent
absolu                        absolu
absolue                       absolu
absolument                    absolu
absolus                       absolus
absolutisme                   absolut
absorba                       absorb
absorbaient                   absorb
absorbait                     absorb
absorbé                       absorb
absorbée                      absorb
absorbés                      absorb
absoudre                      absoudr
abstenait                     absten
abstenez                      absten
abstiendrai                   abstiendr
abstraction                   abstract
abstrait                      abstrait
absurde                       absurd
absurdes                      absurd
absurdité                     absurd
absurdités                    absurd
abus                          abus
abusa                         abus
abusait                       abus
abusant                       abus
abuse                         abus
abusé                         abus
abuser                        abus
abusez                        abus
abusif                        abus
acabit                        acab
acacia                        acaci
acacias                       acaci
académicien                   académicien
académie                      academ
académies                     academ
académique                    academ
acajou                        acajou
accabla                       accabl
accablaient                   accabl
accablait                     accabl
accablant                     accabl
accablante                    accabl
accable                       accabl
accablé                       accabl
accablée                      accabl
accablement                   accabl
accabler                      accabl
accableraient                 accabl
accablèrent                   accabl
accalmie                      accalm
accaparé                      accapar
accède                        acced
accéder                       acced
accéléra                      accéler
accélération                  accéler
accent                        accent
accents                       accent
accentua                      accentu
accepta                       accept
acceptables                   accept
acceptais                     accept
acceptait                     accept
accepte                       accept
accepté                       accept
acceptée                      accept
acceptent                     acceptent
accepter                      accept
acceptera                     accept
accepterai                    accept
accepterait                   accept
accepteriez                   accept
acceptes                      accept
acceptez                      accept
acception                     accept
acceptons                     accepton
accès                         acces
accident                      accident
accidenté                     accident
accidents                     accident
acclamation                   acclam
acclamations                  acclam
accommodé                     accommod
accompagnaient                accompagn
accompagnait                  accompagn
accompagnant                  accompagn
accompagne                    accompagn
accompagné                    accompagn
accompagnée                   accompagn
accompagnement                accompagn
accompagnent                  accompagnent
accompagner                   accompagn
accompagnèrent                accompagn
accompagniez                  accompagn
accompli                      accompl
accomplie                     accompl
accomplies                    accompl
accomplir                     accompl
