a                             a
á                             á
à                             à
ã                             ã
aacho                         aach
aacute                        aacut
abacaxi                       abacax
abade                         abad
abaeté                        abaet
abafar                        abaf
abafaram                      abaf
abaixa                        abaix
abaixe                        abaix
abaixei                       abaix
abaixo                        abaix
abaixou                       abaix
abalada                       abal
abalado                       abal
abalaram                      abal
abalos                        abal
abalou                        abal
abalroado                     abalro
abandona                      abandon
abandoná                      abandon
abandonada                    abandon
abandonadas                   abandon
abandonado                    abandon
abandonados                   abandon
abandonam                     abandon
abandonando                   abandon
abandonar                     abandon
abandonara                    abandon
abandonaram                   abandon
abandonasse                   abandon
abandono                      abandon
abandonou                     abandon
abarrotado                    abarrot
abarrotados                   abarrot
abarrotou                     abarrot
abastada                      abast
abastado                      abast
abastados                     abast
abastecem                     abastec
abastecer                     abastec
abastecida                    abastec
abastecimento                 abastec
abata                         abat
abate                         abat
abatedouro                    abatedour
abatem                        abat
abatendo                      abat
abater                        abat
abateram                      abat
abates                        abat
abateu                        abat
abatia                        abat
abatidas                      abat
abatido                       abat
abatidos                      abat
abaulado                      abaul
abbé                          abbé
abbey                         abbey
abc                           abc
abcesso                       abcess
abdel                         abdel
abdela                        abdel
abdias                        abdi
abdicação                     abdic
abdicar                       abdic
abdomen                       abdomen
abdômen                       abdômen
abdominais                    abdomin
abdominal                     abdominal
abecafé                       abecaf
abel                          abel
abençoadas                    abenço
aberrações                    aberr
aberta                        abert
abertamente                   abert
abertas                       abert
aberto                        abert
abertos                       abert
abertura                      abertur
abic                          abic
abicair                       abica
abichequer                    abichequ
abifarma                      abifarm
abih                          abih
abilio                        abili
abílio                        abíli
abismo                        abism
abissais                      abiss
abissal                       abissal
abnegação                     abneg
abocanhar                     abocanh
abolição                      aboliçã
abolicionistas                abolicion
abolido                       abol
abolir                        abol
abomina                       abomin
abominação                    abomin
abomináveis                   abomin
abominável                    abomin
abono                         abon
aborda                        abord
abordada                      abord
abordadas                     abord
abordado                      abord
abordagem                     abordag
abordagens                    abordagens
abordando                     abord
abordar                       abord
abordava                      abord
abordavam                     abord
aborígines                    aborígin
aborrece                      aborrec
aborrecidíssima               aborrecidíssim
aborrecido                    aborrec
aborrecidos                   aborrec
aborrecimentos                aborrec
aborto                        abort
abortos                       abort
abouch                        abouch
abra                          abra
abraão                        abraã
abraçada                      abrac
abracadabra                   abracadabr
abraçando                     abrac
abraçaram                     abrac
abraço                        abrac
abraços                       abrac
abrafe                        abraf
abrahão                       abrahã
abram                         abram
abrandar                      abrand
abrange                       abrang
abrangência                   abrangent
abrangendo                    abrang
abrangente                    abrangent
abranger                      abrang
abrasador                     abras
abrasivo                      abras
abre                          abre
abrem                         abrem
abresi                        abres
abreu                         abreu
abreviação                    abrevi
abreviado                     abrevi
abri                          abri
abriga                        abrig
abrigada                      abrig
abrigam                       abrig
abrigar                       abrig
abrigaram                     abrig
abrigarem                     abrig
abrigaria                     abrig
abrigo                        abrig
abrigou                       abrig
abril                         abril
abrimos                       abrim
abrindo                       abrind
abrinq                        abrinq
abrir                         abrir
abrirá                        abrir
abriram                       abrir
abrirão                       abrirã
abrisse                       abriss
abriu                         abriu
abrolhos                      abrolh
abrucio                       abruci
abruptamente                  abrupt
absoluta                      absolut
absolutamente                 absolut
absolutas                     absolut
absoluto                      absolut
absolutos                     absolut
absolve                       absolv
absolvem                      absolv
absolver                      absolv
absolveram                    absolv
absolverem                    absolv
absolveu                      absolv
absolvido                     absolv
absorção                      absorçã
absorvam                      absorv
absorve                       absorv
absorvente                    absorvent
absorventes                   absorvent
absorver                      absorv
absorviam                     absorv
absorvida                     absorv
abstem                        abstem
abstêmio                      abstêmi
abstenção                     abstençã
absteve                       abstev
abstinência                   abstinent
abstratamente                 abstrat
abstratas                     abstrat
absurda                       absurd
absurdamente                  absurd
