a                             a
ab                            ab
abajur                        abajur
abajurul                      abajur
abandon                       abandon
abandoneze                    abandon
abat                          abat
abate                         abat
abatere                       abat
abateri                       abater
abator                        abat
abătut                        abăt
abătută                       abăt
abătuţi                       abătuţ
abces                         abces
aberaţie                      aber
aberaţii                      aber
aberaţiune                    aber
aberaţiuni                    aberat
abia                          abi
abil                          abil
abilă                         abil
abile                         abil
abilitate                     abil
abilitatea                    abil
abnegaţie                     abneg
abonamentul                   abonament
abruptă                       abrupt
absent                        absent
absentă                       absent
absente                       absent
absenţa                       absenţ
absenţă                       absenţ
absenţi                       absenţ
absolut                       absol
absoluta                      absol
absolută                      absol
absolute                      absol
absolutul                     absol
absolutului                   absol
absoluţi                      absoluţ
absolve                       absolv
absolvenţi                    absolvenţ
absolvenţii                   absolvenţ
absolvi                       absolv
absolvire                     absolv
absolvit                      absolv
absolvită                     absolv
absolviţi                     absolv
absorbant                     absorb
absorbantă                    absorb
absorbi                       absorb
absorbit                      absorb
absorbite                     absorb
absorbiţi                     absorb
absorbţia                     absorbţ
abstinent                     abstinent
abstract                      abstract
abstractă                     abstract
abstracte                     abstract
abstractiza                   abstractiz
abstractizare                 abstractiz
abstractizat                  abstractiz
abstractizăm                  abstractiz
abstracto                     abstracto
abstracţia                    abstracţ
abstracţii                    abstracţ
abstracţiune                  abstract
abstracţiuni                  abstract
abstrage                      abstrag
absurd                        absurd
absurdă                       absurd
absurde                       absurd
absurditate                   absurd
absurdităţi                   absurd
absurdităţilor                absurd
absurdul                      absurd
abţină                        abţin
abţinem                       abţin
abţinere                      abţin
abundent                      abundent
abundentă                     abundent
abur                          abur
aburi                         abur
aburit                        abur
aburitoare                    abur
aburoase                      abur
aburul                        abur
abuza                         abuz
abuzez                        abuz
abuziv                        abuz
ac                            ac
academic                      academ
acar                          acar
acasă                         acas
accelerat                     acceler
accent                        accent
accentuat                     accentu
accentuată                    accentu
accentuate                    accentu
accentuaţi                    accentu
accentuez                     accentu
accentul                      accent
accept                        accept
acceptabile                   accept
acceptat                      accept
acceptată                     accept
acceptând                     accept
acceptă                       accept
accepţi                       accepţ
acces                         acces
accesele                      acce
accesibile                    accesib
accesorii                     accesor
accident                      accident
accidentul                    accident
acea                          ace
aceasta                       aceast
această                       aceast
aceea                         ace
aceeaşi                       aceeaş
acei                          ace
aceia                         acei
aceiaşi                       acei
acel                          acel
acela                         acel
acelaşi                       acel
acelaşti                      acelaşt
acele                         ace
acelea                        acel
aceleaşi                      aceleaş
acelei                        acele
aceleia                       acelei
aceleiaşi                     acelei
acelor                        ace
acelora                       acelor
aceloraşi                     acelor
acelui                        acel
aceluiaşi                     acelui
acerbă                        acerb
acerbe                        acerb
acest                         acest
acesta                        acest
acestă                        acest
aceste                        acest
acestea                       acest
acestei                       aceste
acesteia                      acestei
acestor                       acestor
acestora                      acestor
acestui                       acest
acestuia                      acestui
aceşti                        aceşt
aceştia                       aceşt
achile                        achi
achita                        achit
achitam                       achit
achitare                      achit
achitat                       achit
achitaters                    achitaters
achitaţi                      achit
achiţi                        achiţ
achiziţia                     achiziţ
achiziţie                     achiziţ
achiziţii                     achiz
achiziţionarea                achiziţion
achiziţionat                  achiziţion
achiziţionată                 achiziţion
achiziţionării                achiziţionăr
achiziţioneze                 achiziţion
aci                           aci
acid                          acid
acidulată                     acidul
acidulate                     acidul
aciest                        aciest
aciness                       aciness
aclamaţii                     aclam
aclamaţiile                   aclam
acolo                         acolo
acomodare                     acomod
acomodări                     acomodăr
acopăr                        acopăr
acoperă                       acoper
acopere                       acop
acoperindu                    acoper
acoperire                     acoper
acoperirea                    acoper
acoperişul                    acoperiş
acoperişurile                 acoperişur
acoperit                      acoper
acoperită                     acoper
acoperite                     acoper
acoperitor                    acoper
acoperiţi                     acoper
acord                         acord
acordat                       acord
acordă                        acord
acordăm                       acord
acorduri                      acordur
acostez                       acost
